README.md, before:

# Introduction

This is a Haskell driver for [Factual's public API](http://developer.factual.com/display/docs/Factual+Developer+APIs+Version+3).

# Features

* Read Queries
  * Places US
  * Restaurants US
  * Hotels US
  * Global Places
  * Crosswalk
  * Healthcare Providers
  * World Geographies
  * Products CPG
  * Products Crosswalk
  * Monetize
  * Custom Tables
* Facets Queries
* Geocode Queries
* Geopulse Queries
* Resolve Queries
* Match Queries
* Schema Queries
* Diffs Queries
* Multi Queries
* Raw Read Queries
* Parametric Search
* Geo Filters
* Query Debugging

# Installation

## Prerequisites

This driver targets [ghc 7.4.1](http://www.haskell.org/ghc/)
and [The Haskell Platform 2012.2.0.0](http://hackage.haskell.org/platform/).
Please follow the installation instructions for your specific
platform to install ghc and The Haskell Platform.

You'll need a Factual account to use this driver. If you don't have one yet, [it's free and easy to get one](https://www.factual.com/api-keys/request).

## Installation from cabal

    $ cabal install factual-api

## Installation from git

    $ git clone git@github.com:rudyl313/factual-haskell-driver.git
    $ cabal install hoauth
    $ cabal install aeson
    $ cabal install MissingH

# Tests

Load the tests file into ghci to run the tests:

    $ ghci test/Tests.hs

To run the integration tests you'll need an API key and secret, but you
can always run the unit tests:

    *Main> runUnitTests
    Cases: 53  Tried: 53  Errors: 0  Failures: 0
    Counts {cases = 53, tried = 53, errors = 0, failures = 0}
    *Main> runIntegrationTests "mykey" "mysecret"
    Cases: 11  Tried: 11  Errors: 0  Failures: 0
    Counts {cases = 11, tried = 11, errors = 0, failures = 0}

# Documentation

You can read library documentation by visiting the [Hackage page](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/factual-api).

The [github wiki](https://github.com/rudyl313/factual-haskell-driver/wiki) also
provides thorough documentation and examples for each feature.

# Examples

See the examples directory for examples of each query type. To
run an example go to the project root and execute these commands:

    $ ghc -o example examples/ReadExample.hs --make
    $ ./example mykey mysecret

In this example replace mykey with your key and mysecret with your
secret. Note that compiling the source code generates .o and .hi
files in the source directories.

# Notes

## Writes

Although there is code in the current version to support API writes,
these features have not yet been implemented in the Factual API. Please
refrain from attempting to use these features until they have been
officially announced.

## Crosswalk deprecation

The Crosswalk API endpoint has been migrated into a regular read table.
For more information see the [Factual V3 documentation](http://developer.factual.com/display/docs/Places+API+-+Crosswalk).

Commit message:

Switching integration tests to use the factual credentials file instead of passing the key and secret by value

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is a Haskell driver for [Factual's public API](http://developer.factual.com/display/docs/Factual+Developer+APIs+Version+3).

# Features

* Read Queries
  * Places US
  * Restaurants US
  * Hotels US
  * Global Places
  * Crosswalk
  * Healthcare Providers
  * World Geographies
  * Products CPG
  * Products Crosswalk
  * Monetize
  * Custom Tables
* Facets Queries
* Geocode Queries
* Geopulse Queries
* Resolve Queries
* Match Queries
* Schema Queries
* Diffs Queries
* Multi Queries
* Raw Read Queries
* Parametric Search
* Geo Filters
* Query Debugging

# Installation

## Prerequisites

This driver targets [ghc 7.4.1](http://www.haskell.org/ghc/)
and [The Haskell Platform 2012.2.0.0](http://hackage.haskell.org/platform/).
Please follow the installation instructions for your specific
platform to install ghc and The Haskell Platform.

You'll need a Factual account to use this driver. If you don't have one yet, [it's free and easy to get one](https://www.factual.com/api-keys/request).

## Installation from cabal

    $ cabal install factual-api

## Installation from git

    $ git clone git@github.com:rudyl313/factual-haskell-driver.git
    $ cabal install hoauth
    $ cabal install aeson
    $ cabal install MissingH

# Tests

To run the integration tests you'll need an to create a yaml file
at ~/.factual/factual-auth.yaml to store your Factual credentials:

    ---
    key: MYKEY
    secret: MYSECRET

Load the tests file into ghci to run the tests:

    $ ghci test/Tests.hs

Here is how you run the the tests and what you should expect while in GHCi:

    *Main> runUnitTests
    Cases: 53  Tried: 53  Errors: 0  Failures: 0
    Counts {cases = 53, tried = 53, errors = 0, failures = 0}
    *Main> runIntegrationTests
    Cases: 11  Tried: 11  Errors: 0  Failures: 0
    Counts {cases = 11, tried = 11, errors = 0, failures = 0}

# Documentation

You can read library documentation by visiting the [Hackage page](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/factual-api).

The [github wiki](https://github.com/rudyl313/factual-haskell-driver/wiki) also
provides thorough documentation and examples for each feature.

# Examples

See the examples directory for examples of each query type. To
run an example go to the project root and execute these commands:

    $ ghc -o example examples/ReadExample.hs --make
    $ ./example mykey mysecret

In this example replace mykey with your key and mysecret with your
secret. Note that compiling the source code generates .o and .hi
files in the source directories.

# Notes

## Writes

Although there is code in the current version to support API writes,
these features have not yet been implemented in the Factual API. Please
refrain from attempting to use these features until they have been
officially announced.

## Crosswalk deprecation

The Crosswalk API endpoint has been migrated into a regular read table.
For more information see the [Factual V3 documentation](http://developer.factual.com/display/docs/Places+API+-+Crosswalk).
